# Serverless Weather Alert Application

## Overview
The Slack to Text Application is an AWS Lambda-based service that utilizes a Slack custom application that sends a a message via Twilio SMS if during a certain time range default = 8:00am-10:30am Eastern.

## Architecture
The application is triggered by a custom Slack Event application. It invokes an AWS Lambda function that sends a Twilio text messsage.

## Prerequisites
- AWS CLI already configured with at least PowerUser permission
- [Python 3.10 installed](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- [SAM CLI installed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-install.html)

## Setup process

### Installing dependencies & building the target 

In this example, we use the `sam build` command to automatically download dependencies defined in `requirements.txt` and create a deployment package. This package is what will be uploaded to Lambda when you deploy the application.

```bash
sam build
```

### Local testing

You can test the function locally by invoking it with the SAM CLI, using a test event defined in a file.

```bash
sam local invoke SlackToText --event event.json
```

### Deploying the application

The `sam deploy` command will package and deploy your application to AWS, with a series of prompts:

```bash
sam deploy --guided
```

When prompted for parameters, you can either accept the default values or provide custom ones based on your environment and requirements.

## Fetch, tail, and filter Lambda function logs

To simplify troubleshooting, SAM CLI has a command called `sam logs`. `sam logs` lets you fetch logs generated by your deployed Lambda function from the command line.

```bash
sam logs -n SlackToText --stack-name slack-to-text --tail
```

## Cleanup

To delete the Slack to Text Application that you created, use the AWS CLI. Assuming you used your project name for the stack name, you can run the following:

```bash
aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name slack-to-text
```

## Resources

For more information about the AWS SAM CLI, see the [AWS SAM CLI User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/what-is-sam.html).

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.